Hi!! my name is raghvi, and i just started github.
Hey! I'm Mudit Srivastava. I just started with github and opensource contribution.
Hi,  My name is Tomas Roj. I like coding and stuff around open source.
Hey, Everyone! My name is Aman Saxena. I like competitive programming and interested in open source projects.
Hi, my name is Nikhil Arora. I am a competative programmer and I like open source.
Hello, My name is Adarsh Singh. I am interested in doing Bug Bounties , contributing to open source projects and competitive Programming.
Hi, my name is Nikhil Arora. I am a competative programmer and I like open source.
Hello, My name is Adarsh Singh. I am interested in doing Bug Bounties , contributing to open source projects and competitive Programming.
Hello, I am Akanksha Raghav. I am a front end web developer and working on back end . I am interested in open source project work.
Hi,I am Abdullah khan,I just started with github and opensource contribution.
Hello everyone, I am Ajeet.I am an open-source Beginner ,currently  learning and exploring open-source.
Hello, I am Ajey prasand.....I just started my journey to explore github.
Hello, I am Pranta Saha, I am a fullStack Web Developer love to work with php, laravel, nodejs, react, vue etc.
Hello, I am Naman Biyani, I like to contribute to open source projects
Hello people, My name is Pratyush Tiwari and I am fullstack android developer and web developer(Flask FrameWork). Imagine a world without StacckOverFlow and Github...It's really scary right?
Hello I am Swapnil Tiwari, I am fullstack Web Developer and a data geek!
Hello! My name is Haris Manzoor... I am a computer scientist from Pakistan. I love to program. Programming is life :)))
Hello, I am Gerald Halomoan Samosir, I am backend Developer love to use golang, nodejs and python and some times learn about devops , tech is awesome.
Hey Guys! I am Tanmayi Patibandla and I love programming :)
Hey there everyone! I'm Subhajit Chatterjee I am a backend web developer currently in my 3rd year, unlike other publc repositories this one is much better. You ask me why, because the readme file is well written and mainted, so kuddos to the maintainer and very best luck for all the people in the Hactoberfest, PEACE OUT.
Hello, Everyone! I'm Priyansh Mishra. I just started with github and opensource contribution,I love programming and happy to help on open source.
Hey Guys my name is Anoop, I am a fullStack Web Developer love to work with php, laravel, nodejs, react, vue etc.
Hello, I am Kunal Bhatia, I like to work with js, css, illustrator, react, c++ etc.
Hola, Im Ric John, a Software Engineer. Happy Hacking everyone!
Hello guys, I am Rishabh Tiwari, I am learning Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence.
Hello , I am PRATHAM a machine learning enthusiast
Hi , Athul here ,I'm a student who likes to discover new things . Have a good day and happy Hactober!
Hello Everyone, I am Parth Patel. It's great to see you all here. I am a Web Developer. I also love working with Python, C, C++, Java and Data Structures.  
Hello everyone, I am Jijinkh. I love coding and experimenting!
Hey, Everyone! My name is Amit Dutta. I like web development and recently started in open source projects.
Hey Guys, I am Manik. I think everyone should code, it teaches you how to think.
Hello, I'm TravelingMan. I like to explore technologies and make little things for myself and my kids to use with C#, JS, and TS.
Hey this is Stephen aka Swong87! I love Hacktoberfest. I am a Front-End Developer with experience with Javascript, PHP, and Kotlin.
Hello there,I'm Rithish just started contributing and its kinda fun
Hello, I'm Arpit. I love Automation and I always try to automate everything we do regularly.
Hello, I'm Pratyush. I love development and coding. 
Hello, I'm Samuel. I am always coding, currently working on Chrome extensions and learning to incorporate databases in my websites.
Hey, This is Dhananjay. I do android developemnt but i also like rewards without doing anything ;)
Hello, I am Nikhil. I love to code and I like to contribute to open source projects.
Howdy! My name is Jason. I am a HS sophomore and I'm learning a lot about software development and version control.
Hi I am Jinal. I really like programming.
Hello, I am Saurabh from India. I am a full Stack Developer. I love to Code and make a project worth all
Hello! My name is Sankat Mochan. I am new to git and github and wanna contribute in open source.
Hello,I'm Satya Pavan kalyan,I just started with github.